Update Examples for 4.2 (#339)
usdot-jpo-ode/wzdx: examples/README.md

Below are notes for the Scenario 1 [LineString Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_linestring_example.geojson) and [MultiPoint Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_multipoint_example.geojson):
- First work zone is a single direction, single event, with no lane-level information ("id": `af2e3f51-611f-4ce0-9282-2f28ca68e62f`).
- Second work zone is a single direction, single event, with detailed lane information ("id": `edf2162b-1f5d-4ddd-a731-78fb81a22e6a`).
- Third work zone is a single direction, three sequential events, with detailed lane information. This work zone demonstrates the use of the `related_road_event` object, with [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) of `next-road-event` and `first-road-event` used to indiciate the order of the road events. ("id": `6f57aded-7291-462e-9892-607b2b7d116c`, `8bfb0ce0-98cd-4e92-924d-f0a9d3a4ba8f`, `e6c2abad-04e2-41fd-bd66-4cc41e4bb6e7`). This example work zone also shows the use of `worker_presence` and how it can vary between road events for a single work zone.

### Scenario 2 - Lane Shift (simple scenario)

> The [Scenario 2 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario2_laneshift_linestring_example.geojson) is based on the annotated image below which keeps all lanes open but shifts them resulting in both shoulders being closed on a multi-lane facility. The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the number of road events and lane numbering (the actual geojson examples may differ slightly to show various examples of this type of closure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Scenario 2 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario2_laneshift_linestring_example.geojson) is based on the annotated image below which keeps all lanes open but shifts them resulting in both shoulders being closed on a multi-lane facility. The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the road event extent lane numbering (the actual geojson examples may differ slightly to show various examples of this type of closure).
```
Suggested wording change to accompany suggested image change below

> ![shift_work_zone](/images/lane_shift_example_annotated.png)

Reviewer: The image annotation doesn't match up well with the example - the example image indicates that lane 2 is closed and shoulder becomes drivable. In the example file, the shoulder is shown as "closed" and the three driving lanes have status "shift-right". 
I think the example file is the best representation if the event is represented as one event. If there were multiple events, the example file could represent where the shift begins, and the example image representation (lane 1 and 2 closed, lane 5 now of type "general") could be correct. But I still prefer the former (single event, closed shoulder, shifted travel lanes).

Possible revised annotation is below. If this looks okay, feel free to insert directly!
![lane_shift_example_annotated](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59966277/210098275-e67c8912-99b7-4c86-bbeb-8eb0d5dbef9f.png)

Author: I agree and have this updated.

![multi-lane work_zone](/images/multi_lane_closure_divided_example_annotated.png)

Below are notes for the [Scenario 6 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario6_multi_lane_closure_linestring_example.geojson):
- Single work zone with a multi-lane closure ("id": `8fed746d-8f4f-4e0c-8d9b-fa4db7c3c2d8`). The road event includes the use of the [WorkerPresence Object](/spec-content/objects/WorkerPresence.md) as well as using the [Restriction Object](/spec-content/objects/Restriction.md) to show a width and weight limit restriction.

### Scenario 7 - Mobile Operation
The [Scenario 7 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario7_mobileoperation_linestring_example.geojson) is based on the annotated image below for a mobile work zone operation.   The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the number of road events and lane numbering. The Scenario 7 example shows how the mobile operation related road event object can be used to relate an active mobile operation with the planned extents.

![mobile work_zone](/images/mobile_work_zone_example_annotated.png)

Below are notes for the [Scenario 7 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario7_mobileoperation_linestring_example.geojson):

> - The first road event ("id": `01841847-3cda-4aa8-a283-1b4a11f31c08`) is the planned extents of a mobile operation.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) values of `active-moving-operation` to relate to the active road event of the mobile operation. This road event also uses the `work_zone_type` of `planned-moving-area` to indicate it is the planned extents of a moving operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first road event ("id": `01841847-3cda-4aa8-a283-1b4a11f31c08`) is the planned extent of a mobile operation.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventType](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) value of `active-moving-operation` to relate to the active road event of the mobile operation. This road event also uses the `work_zone_type` of `planned-moving-area` to indicate it is the planned extents of a moving operation.
```

A couple typos to fix in this description

> - The second road event ("id": `71a97769-6c61-41a8-bbfd-0d84e0d073e6`) is the active extents of a mobile operation.  This represents the current location of the mobile operation and is expected to move as the mobile operation changes locations.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) values of `planned-moving-operation` to relate to the planned extents road event of the mobile operation. This road event also uses the `work_zone_type` of `moving` to indicate it is a road event that is actively moving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The second road event ("id": `71a97769-6c61-41a8-bbfd-0d84e0d073e6`) is the active extent of a mobile operation.  This represents the current location of the mobile operation and is expected to move as the mobile operation changes locations.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventType](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) value of `planned-moving-operation` to relate to the planned extent road event of the mobile operation. This road event also uses the `work_zone_type` of `moving` to indicate it is a road event that is actively moving.
```

## Work Zone Feed Examples

> The following WZDx Work Zone Feed examples represent a variety of common scenarios when creating road events. Most of the examples are modeled after work zone scenarios used in a [previous WZDx discussion](https://github.com/usdot-jpo-ode/jpo-wzdx/discussions/131). Optional fields are not included in all examples but represented at least once across the various examples. Each scenario is provided as a single GeoJSON file which may contain multiple work zones documenting differences in representing road events at varying levels of complexity. All example scenarios are provided for the `LineString` geometry type as well as one `MultiPoint` geometry type for scenario 1.

Reviewer 2: Consider removing the second sentence, "Most of the examples are modeled after work zone scenarios used in a [previous WZDx discussion](https://github.com/usdot-jpo-ode/jpo-wzdx/discussions/131).", as I'm not sure the discussion is relevant any more.

Author: Updates to remove the second sentence.  I still wanted to include a reference to the discussion but included it in the note below this paragraph where it mentions the images from previous examples.

Below is a summary of each of the example WZDx feeds and detailed differences for each of the road events:

### Scenario 1  - Simple Work Zone
Scenario 1 ([LineString Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_linestring_example.geojson) or [MultiPoint Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_multipoint_example.geojson)) is based on the annotated image below with a single lane closed on a multi-lane facility. The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the number of road events and lane numbering (the actual geojson examples may differ slightly to show various examples of this type of closure).

![simple_work_zone](/images/channel_device_method_simple_annotated.png)

Below are notes for the Scenario 1 [LineString Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_linestring_example.geojson) and [MultiPoint Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario1_simple_multipoint_example.geojson):
- First work zone is a single direction, single event, with no lane-level information ("id": `af2e3f51-611f-4ce0-9282-2f28ca68e62f`).
- Second work zone is a single direction, single event, with detailed lane information ("id": `edf2162b-1f5d-4ddd-a731-78fb81a22e6a`).

> - Third work zone is a single direction, three sequential events, with detailed lane information. This work zone demonstrates the use of the `related_road_event` object, with [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) of `next-road-event` and `first-road-event` used to indiciate the order of the road events. ("id": `6f57aded-7291-462e-9892-607b2b7d116c`, `8bfb0ce0-98cd-4e92-924d-f0a9d3a4ba8f`, `e6c2abad-04e2-41fd-bd66-4cc41e4bb6e7`).

Reviewer 3: id 6f57aded-7291-462e-9892-607b2b7d116c in the geojson should be corrected? The next road events have workers present.

            "worker_presence": {
               "are_workers_present": false,
               "definition": [
                  "humans-in-right-of-way"
               ]
            },

Author: I updated this to remove the `definition` since the workers present is false.  I think it was intended to include in the example the use of worker presents on different sections of the roadway so I left the other road events the same.  I did add a note in the read me about having an example with worker presences.

### Scenario 5 - Recurring Work Zone
The [Scenario 5 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario5_recurring_linestring_example.geojson) is based on a single lane closure but is recurring over multiple days. This example is intended to show how a recurring work zone such as night work can be represented.

Below are notes for the [Scenario 5 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario5_recurring_linestring_example.geojson):
- Simple work zone but with a recurring component.
- Four road events: assuming that the first day is currently an active event (day 1, "id": `a2100c5b-58b9-4593-992d-0795bafe3d8d`) and three additional events ("id": `d63ab07b-98e8-41bd-b4dd-557727320056`, `ff3f888f-7e11-4a5b-8c04-3182a459a756`, `b04c1df4-f9d0-4a63-995d-38bfd83931e9`) for later dates with a pending status.
- The `active` work zone event demonstrates value of verified location and time.
- The `related_road_events` property is used to show all road events are related and the order of events using the [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) values of `first-occurrence` and `next-occurrence`

> ### Scenario 6 - Multi-lane closure (no examples currently)

Author: Removed this for scenario 6 and 7.  It was a placeholder left over before I added the examples

The [Scenario 6 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario6_multi_lane_closure_linestring_example.geojson) is based on the annotated image below with a closure of two lanes on a divided roadway.   The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the number of road events and lane numbering. The scenario assumes that the section where two lanes are open (after the first taper) is short and part of the overall traffic control which does not need to be a seperate road event. 

![multi-lane work_zone](/images/multi_lane_closure_divided_example_annotated.png)

Below are notes for the [Scenario 6 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario6_multi_lane_closure_linestring_example.geojson):
- Single work zone with a multi-lane closure ("id": `8fed746d-8f4f-4e0c-8d9b-fa4db7c3c2d8`). The road event includes the use of the [WorkerPresence Object](/spec-content/objects/WorkerPresence.md) as well as using the [Restriction Object](/spec-content/objects/Restriction.md) to show a width and weight limit restriction.

> ### Scenario 7 - Mobile Operation (no examples currently)

Reviewer 2: Same comment here about removing "no examples current" since there is an example added for scenario 7

The [Scenario 7 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario7_mobileoperation_linestring_example.geojson) is based on the annotated image below for a mobile work zone operation.   The image below also includes annotations in red identifying the number of road events and lane numbering. The Scenario 7 example shows how the mobile operation related road event object can be used to relate an active mobile operation with the planned extents.

![mobile work_zone](/images/mobile_work_zone_example_annotated.png)

Below are notes for the [Scemario 7 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario7_mobileoperation_linestring_example.geojson):

> - The first road event ("id": `01841847-3cda-4aa8-a283-1b4a11f31c08`) is the planned extents of a mobile operation.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) values of `active-moving-operation` to relate to the active road event of the mobile operation.

Reviewer 2: It would be valuable to update these examples and this description to use the `work_zone_type` property that was added in 4.2.

- The second road event ("id": `71a97769-6c61-41a8-bbfd-0d84e0d073e6`) is the active extents of a mobile operation.  This represents the current location of the mobile operation and is expected to move as the mobile operation changes locations.  The road event uses the [RelatedRoadEventTypes](/spec-content/enumerated-types/RelatedRoadEventType.md) values of `planned-moving-operation` to relate to the planned extents road event of the mobile operation.

### Scenario 8 - Local Access Only (bidirectional work zone)
The [Scenario 8 example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario8_local_access_only_bidirectional_linestring_example.geojson) shows a basic work zone that keeps all lanes open but places restrictions to only local traffic.

Below are notes for the [Scenario 8 Example](/examples/WorkZoneFeed/scenario8_local_access_only_bidirectional_linestring_example.geojson):

> - Single work zone on a bidirectional roadwith with impact to both directions, represented by two road events ("id": `de3de57b-33fb-40e5-a6f2-a17828f82fb9`, `defbbd71-3f7e-4ddb-99de-86a48532ae57`), one for each direction.

Reviewer 2: Typo: `roadwith`
